It's like this, I'm the master of hands here,
Master, are you going to break into this Yangmin City again?
Someone asked me to come here. I need to learn Yuzhu to save my grandfather.
Since it’s him, do you know?
He had been here before we were separated, and it was he who gave me the learning jade beads.
He told me that in ten years, someone will do it again,
It’s the old man who is so decisive. I can give you the jade beads.
But you have to wait half again, I need to set him up the day before,
It's so troublesome to go and live there.
That’s right, it’s too heavy to learn from Yuzhu.
It was the Immortal who asked me to create the setting after the painting with him.
Also together
suddenly evicted now
Restore the Grand Master
Will suddenly reflect
So I still took it off.
You can stream it anyway
gave me a month
Brother Four Seconds Research cut it out
No no
It's me who's interrupting
And my grandpa’s stolen can
It’s almost the same as here
I think it's pretty clear
As long as you don't dislike it
There are still some prisoners in the area
if you don't mind
I'll give you some more
Of course I don't mind, you're right
this town
How could it be
How can I introduce it without any business at all?
I was almost scared to death
Because this is a name for oppressing people
And after going down the mountain
That'll be it
I know this is an oppressive term
I mean what's going on here?
Here is the same two-term Fengxi opera
biological machine
If you withdraw the food from here
You can't get out again. You mean this is
Credentials are destined
Death is inevitable
Kill the rich and die
If I deal with this place
You will live in this apartment
I'm going back to stay tonight, but I can send this to the airport.
If nothing happens
It's better not to talk about it
Don't kill me
If I had known earlier, I shouldn't have had so much water in my body before going to bed. I'm done.
I want to ask
Do you know where the operation is?
I drink well
how's it going
Use a woman with me